Fixing grammer for getting started (#2515)
cloudify-cosmo/docs.getcloudify.org: content/trial_getting_started/set_trial_manager/download_community.md

{{%children style="h2" description="true"%}}

> The {{< param product_name >}} free community version contains a fully functional {{< param product_name >}} engine that supports most of the Manager's capabilities. This makes it ideal for trying out Cloudify without a premium license. You can read more about the differences between {{< param product_name >}} versions [here](https://cloudify.co/download/community-vs-enterprise/).

Author: ```suggestion
The {{< param product_name >}} free community version contains a fully functional {{< param product_name >}} engine that supports most of the Manager's capabilities. This makes it ideal for trying out Cloudify without a premium license. You can read more about the differences between {{< param product_name >}} versions [here]({{< ref "cloudify_manager/architecture/_index.md#comparison-matrix" >}}).
```

To deploy the container image, simply launch a terminal and create the container:

```bash

> {{< param docker_install_command_prefix >}} {{< param docker_image_name >}}

Author: ```suggestion
docker run -d -p 80:80 cloudifyplatform/community-cloudify-manager-aio:latest
```
